#summary Change log
#labels Phase-Design,Phase-Implementation,Phase-QA,Featured

=1.5=
  * Fixed bugs
  * Spell checker using NetSpell engine

=1.43=
  * Now uses .NET 3.5
  * Improvements to speech
  * Insert Contact Information
  * More icons!
  * About box

=1.42=
  * PDF creation!
  * New researcher source
  * Minor improvements to MDI

=1.41=
  * MDI!
  * Zoom in.
  * Reveal codes. (I know some people still use pre-Windows WordPerfect!)

==1.41 R2==
  * New Visual Studio skin
  * Subscript/Superscript
  * More toolbar icons
  * Arrange MDI windows

=1.40=
  * Non-destructive insertion of images
  * Combine two documents (disabled due to glitches)
  * Text to Speech, using SAPI 5.1/5.3
  * To trim down size, the source code is separated from the binary.

=1.39=
   * Nicer setup icon
   * More Keyboard shortcuts
   * More commented code

=1.38=
  * WYSIWYG Printing (w00t!)
  * Office 2003 skin
  * Extra headings

=1.37=
  * Complete rewrite of the skin engine and finalized.
  * Now uses the controls from Krypton Toolkit 2.7.1 (install that first!)
  * Headings
  * Windows 98 _and_ Me support removed (but can be added by removing all references to Krypton Toolkit, see article Win98)

=1.36=
  * A new skin, designed for Vista
  * OS default UI by default.
  * Replace feature
  * Help menu is at Vista's semi-typical location

=1.35=
  * Newer Icons

=1.34=
  * UI changes

=1.33=
  * Squashed a big bug (the Inline Find one)
  * Documented code

=1.32=
  * Fixed bug of Researcher
  * Insertion of Images

=1.31=
  * Researching tool

=1.3=
  * Experimental Skinning

=1.29=
  * UI Improvements

=1.28=
  * New Windows Vista Icons from glyFX
  * Prevents installer from running on Windows 95 Or Windows NT 4

=1.27=
  * Document Characters Stats on Status Bar
  * Updated Source Code

=1.26=
  * Office 2007 style toolbars
  * Information bar
  * More friendly to the disabled
  * Simple New Document Function

==1.26 R2==
  * Open as Plain Text Introduced
  * New Installer

=1.21=
  * Implemented Export To Plain Text (*WARNING*: Unicode is not supported with Exporting To Plain Text)
  * WordPad Like UI with Word Docking Toolbars
  * Found Glitch In Inline Find
  * Fixed A Bug Which Made Lightningdog Crash In Windows Vista If The EXE Was Ran From IE Temporary Files

=1.2=
  * Inline Find!
  * Export To Plain Text

=1.15=
  * Highlighting
  * Date And Time Insertion
  * Customizable UI

=1.1=
  * First Public Release